Previously on How To Get Away
With Murder...
Get married in a church.
They're cheap.
-Hey, Dad. It's me.
I wanted to talk
about the wedding.
I'd never hit on you knowing
it hasn't been that long
-since what happened to Wes.
-You know about Wes?
Don't talk to me
anymore.
[Bonnie] You ripped open
the part of my life
that I killed myself
to get past.
-What can I do?
-You did what you did.
I want you and I
to work together
to create the Pennsylvania
Fair Defense Project.
Stay. Please. I promise
I will have your back
at every turn.
The board agreed
to free Nathaniel Lahey.
You just need
to accept the job.
I have Ms. Keating
in my office.
Please relieve her
of her badge.
She no longer works here.
[woman] I'm afraid
there's been an incident.
What does that mean?
Incident?
[cell phone ringing, vibrating]
[coughs]
[ringing and vibrating
continue]
[cell phone beeps]
Good morning.
I'm Dr. Maureen Groff,
Chief Medical Officer
of Philadelphia.
Over the past month,
my office has been conducting
an investigation into the death
of Nathaniel Lahey Senior,
a 71-year-old inmate.
On the night in question,
Mr. Lahey was escorted
by two correctional officers
from his cell.
They were to transport him
to Wilson Park Hospital.
When Officer Gladden
uncuffed the inmate
and attempted to take a letter
he had written,
Mr. Lahey became agitated.
A struggle ensued,
during which
Mr. Lahey took a pencil
he was holding
and stabbed Officer Gladden
in her right leg.
Mr. Lahey then reached
for her gun.
Officer Wagner
fired one shot at Mr. Lahey,
striking his frontal skull.
Mr. Lahey died instantly
on contact.
And there was
gunshot residue...
Do you have a minute?
I need your signature
on these plea memos.
Hey, are you watching this?
I mean, you should be,
at least if you want
your blood to boil.
Millstone, can you
go get me a coffee?
I just got you one.
-Mr. Lahey
additionally suffered...
-Right, boss.
...a postmortem
blunt-force injury
-to his anterior skull...
-I'm fine.
I just want
to prepare you.
Nate's planning on coming
back to work this week.
Good for him.
I'm sad for him, obviously,
but I also
still get to be pissed.
When questioned about
Mr. Lahey's state of mind
during the time
leading up to the incident,
both officers described
Mr. Lahey's behavior
as wild-eyed
and volatile.
Unfortunately,
there were no other witnesses
to verify
the officers' account,
and the surveillance cameras
outside the prison
malfunctioned that night.
-Maintenance records show...
-It's called a cover-up.
-Or are you in on it, too?
-You know she can't hear you.
God can hear us.
She better damn well send
all these people to hell.
Well, maybe that's
something Connor and I
can ask the minister to make
happen during our meeting later.
No, I am too depressed to be
pretend religious today.
-Amen.
-You know how hard
it was to find
a wedding venue last-minute?
So we go, smile,
and say we're all about
the good Lord.
Two separate
toxicology screens
were performed
on the deceased.
Neither Zyprexa nor lithium
were found in his system,
even though
he'd been prescribed
both anti-psychotic drugs
several months prior.
This evidence suggests
Mr. Lahey stopped
taking his medications,
a possible cause
of his behavior
-the night of his death.
-Bull.
-Your first interview's here.
-Send her in.
In conclusion,
due to witness accounts
and the exemplary service
records of both officers,
it is my office's conclusion
that the manner
of Mr. Lahey's death
was not due
to criminal negligence
but was rather
a justifiable homicide.
This investigation
is hereby officially closed.
[indistinct conversations]
The Dispatch and The Voice
are gonna keep digging,
doing stories every day.
And I'm gonna push
for an inquest.
They don't
even do inquests
on cops who shoot kids
on playgrounds.
We fought too hard
for him to give up now,
especially with the governor
on our side.
You still think
she's on our side?
I'll beat her ass
if she's not.
[TV reporter]
It's a tragic end to the life
of Nathaniel Lahey Senior,
a man whose life's story
shed light
on the ills
of solitary confinement.
-What morons thought that?
-...court case decision ruled
that the issue of ineffective
assistance of counsel
is systematic and needs
to be nationally addressed
with more robust funding.
Should I
get you some popcorn?
Are you sure
you can't zoom in closer?
[sighs] What for?
You wanna count his abs?
Look at that Post-it
on his desk.
It could be a list
of his passwords.
I have
his computer mirrored.
All he ever does
is homework.
So what, we just wait for him
to do something terrible,
-like to go the police?
-He knows nothing.
So you can stop freaking out
and go to class.
[sighs]
There's no way
the governor could afford
to give away 64 grand.
We lost our stupid prize,
not our clients.
That's what matters.
Yeah, but if this governor thing
is really happening,
why haven't we started
working there yet?
Because she's announcing
the project next week.
-We hope.
-She signed a contract.
She also signed a contract
at Caplan & Gold,
whose office we are now
banned from entering.
Why are you so upset?
You miss Tegan?
I'm upset about prisons
systematically covering up
inmate deaths
by having guards lie
or hide evidence.
That or make it look
like a suicide,
ban families from being able
to investigate.
-See? At least our little
2L here gets it.
-I get it, too.
I just think that working
with the governor will
help our clients,
-and that's who
Annalise cares about.
-[cell phone chimes]
True. She definitely
does not care about us.
-What does that mean?
-She just canceled class again.
[all murmuring]
-Annalise.
-[door closes]
Unfortunately,
I only have a few minutes.
This'll be short.
I need you to push an inquest
into Nathaniel Lahey's death.
My office is still
reviewing the evidence.
The security cameras
at the prison were broken.
If that doesn't say cover-up,
I don't know what does.
Ms. Keating, this is really
not a short conversation.
No. It's okay, Paige.
I am so sorry
that your client
went through this,
but we need to focus on
launching our project right now.
The project was about
preventing crimes
against people
like Nathaniel Lahey.
You think people are gonna
believe that two public servants
shot an elderly man
for no reason?
Not for no reason.
To hit back at me.
I went before
the Supreme Court to argue
that the mistreatment
of Nathaniel Lahey
led him
to commit a murder.
You think the guards
are happy about that?
This is sounding like
a conspiracy theory now.
Cover-ups like this
happen all the time.
And I'm protecting us,
Annalise.
You, me, our project--
because that goes away
the minute the press finds out
I was about to pardon
a violent man.
They don't care
if he's innocent or not.
They're looking
for a headline.
Is that what you want?
For us to hurt our chance
to help millions of
wrongfully imprisoned people
get out of jail?
You have
to trust me here.
[door opens]
[Paige] Governor.
Okay, so let's talk
marital turkey.
Why do you two
want to get married?
That's pretty simple.
I want to know
and spend time with Connor
for the rest
of my life.
Connor?
What?
Why do you want
to marry Oliver?
Oh, uh, because
he's the best thing
-that's ever happened to me.
-Oh.
And do either of you have any
concerns about getting married?
Connor doesn't
like Mamma Mia!
[laughter]
Connor?
No.
I only say that
because, you know,
it's not often that we get
young men like yourselves
coming to St. Claire's.
Well, I mean,
is that surprising?
Historically, the church
hasn't been that cool
to people like us.
But we are so happy
that you all
do gay marriages here.
Might bring up
some issues, though.
Tell me about
some of those issues.
-I don't think
it's really that helpful--
-Well, I mean,
the Presbyterian Church here
may be open-minded,
but in other places,
like Ireland and Brazil,
they still
won't marry gays.
It's horrible.
I agree.
My question is,
knowing that,
why did you pick St. Claire's
for your wedding?
We really connect with
your philosophy on love.
Not because your parents
wanted a church wedding?
[Connor]
His mom did.
And your church
was the only one
available for the day
that we wanted.
Okay, Connor, I have
one more question for you.
If this feels
so wrong to you,
why get married here?
Because
I love Oliver.
I can't wait...
to marry you both.
[chuckles]
I hope you're here
to poach me.
I'm having
one of those days
I want to smash all the walls
in there with a sledgehammer.
The governor
played me.
-How?
-She had me take a job
that she had no intention
of following through on.
You have the proposal
in writing?
She hadn't announced it
to the public yet
because she never
planned to.
She waited for me
to quit my job,
lose my funding,
the clinic,
and then she had
my client killed.
-Annalise...
-Listen. He was my face case.
She had to destroy him
to destroy me.
I got played.
Okay.
Did she tell you for sure
that your project's dead?
-No.
-Then stop this.
I was a fool
not to see it coming.
-No, you're grieving.
You're no fool.
-I tried not to believe it
-for the past month.
-Because it's not true.
It is!
I put a target on his back,
and she took the first shot.
There's no way I can get
Emmett to hire you back.
You know all the people
in the London office.
You can find out what
the misconduct was about.
So you can blackmail
your way back in here?
It's for my clients.
Please.
I feel for you,
but your mind's tired,
it's making things up.
-I know I'm right.
-No, you're upset and looking
for someone to blame.
Get some rest.
[car door closes]
[Miller] Everyone here
has your back.
So if that means
needing more time
or just coming back
a few days a week at first,
just ask.
That's not
why I'm here.
You gotta open up an inquest
on my pop's case.
You're worried about
pissing people off
before an election,
I know.
You're my employee.
Me asking for an inquest--
it's just gonna seem biased.
Let a jury
hear the evidence.
He stabbed
a guard, Nate.
"They grabbed my gun"
is what cops say
when they're
covering their ass.
You claim to be on
the right side of the law?
-Yeah, of course I am.
-Then do everything
to get the truth.
-Hey, calm down.
-They murdered him!
Made him look like an animal!
You actually have
everything in your power
to do something
about it.
So order
the damn inquest.
Otherwise, his blood's
on your hands too.
You're gonna get slammed
by the police union,
-mayor's office...
-I know.
Then let someone else
order an inquest.
What's the point
of having this job
if I'm afraid to actually
do this job?
You're not gonna have
the job much longer
if you alienate every cop
and prison guard we need
-to get a conviction.
-Why are you so against this?
Because it's going to hurt
your career.
Hmm. It has nothing
to do with the fact
-that you're
actually pissed at Nate?
-[elevator bell dings]
[elevator doors open]
Don't make me trying
to protect you a bad thing.
And I'm telling you, this
isn't one of those times
where I need protecting.
This is something
bigger than us.
What's all this?
You didn't see
Annalise's e-mail?
Miller scheduled an inquest
into Nate Senior's death.
She wants us to come in tomorrow
with ways she can impact
the hearing.
I've pulled transcripts of
old inquests from the D.A.'s.
You're not in
their class, though.
Yeah, but I'm, uh,
the Miller Whisperer,
so if anyone knows how
to get in his head, it's me.
Okay, before you all disappear
into the doom and gloom,
I think we need one last
night out before the wedding.
-We just threw you
a bachelor party.
-The best bachelor party ever.
Our mothers were there,
and Connor's
been generous enough
to give Joanna
her church ceremony.
So I say we shake off
the hetero
and be super gay
for a night.
I'm thinking Debriefed,
tequila shots,
a contest to see who can
make out with the most guys--
-Obviously that's me.
-Okay, thank you
for giving me
what you think I want,
which is not watching you
make out with other guys,
but we need to work
on the Senior stuff.
That's kind of the point--
to forget
how depressing
the world is for one night.
So, who's with me, huh?
-Gays Gone Wild!
-[door opens]
-I'm in.
-What are you doing here?
I invited him. Are those
the excessive-force cases?
Yeah.
I still don't understand
how you guys
ended up living next door
to each other.
That I understand.
What I don't
is how you became friends
with someone
who took your spot
in the clinic.
Well, I have
a forgiving nature.
And yet I'm still not
your plus-one to the wedding.
Unless my invitation
got lost in the mail?
Uh, our parents
filled up the guest list.
And there's no way I'm letting
someone with those cheekbones
steal all the chickadees I'll be
macking on at the wedding.
Oh, charming! Okay.
Let's divide up these files
and get to work, people.
-We have to tell Annalise.
-Not yet.
He's at the house
all of the time now.
Because as soon
as I shut him down,
he went after Michaela.
-She thinks he's a good guy.
-Maybe he is.
Okay, well, then, tell Annalise,
let her deal with him.
She's got enough
going on right now.
She always
has things going on.
Gabriel is Annalise's
worst nightmare.
Do you understand?
End of discussion.
[Laurel] You know
what happened last year.
I almost
ruined everyone's life
because I wanted to keep
everything secret.
-We got through it.
-Christopher almost died!
If not for Annalise,
I would not have him.
Please, just tell her.
[telephone ringing
in distance]
[Ryan]
Harry told me you made a mess
on the 9th hole at Birkdale.
[chuckles] That's why
he can't hold down a wife.
Can't stop lying.
I'll be in touch.
Were you just interviewing
Ryan Stack?
-You two know each other?
-He was an associate
for Unger and Pace
when I was an intern.
Oh. You think he'd make
a good addition here?
Hell, no.
He's conniving,
arrogant, manipulative...
Great. We need a shark
to replace you-know-who.
-Why replace Annalise at all?
-We need new business.
I've brought in three accounts
in the last month.
Tegan, no one's denying
what you do for the firm.
Then give me
the responsibility and pay
you plan on giving
to that blowhard.
Aren't you
forgetting something?
The FBI was responsible
for killing Antares, not me.
Well...
[inhales sharply]
that's not
how the board sees it.
I can't be the sole partner
taking the fall
for an account that
was rotten to begin with.
That's funny.
That's exactly
what I told the board
when they transferred me
from London.
Don't like eating crow
for the firm?
Maybe this isn't
the right job for you.
Let's go.
We all know that investigations
into police officers
who've killed
people of color
rarely favor the victim.
So, hit me up with ways that
we can make this go our way.
Ms. Castillo.
In an inquest,
the judge can choose
who questions
the witnesses,
so I say we convince
Judge Cruz to let you do it.
That's a great idea.
It's so great
that I tried it
first thing this morning.
I was Nathaniel Lahey's
lawyer through two trials.
It's within your power to
let me question those guards.
D.A. Miller's more than capable
of handling this inquest.
I'm the only one who's lived
and breathed this case.
Exactly.
You're too close.
D.A. Miller is objective,
and, therefore,
the only person questioning
witnesses in my courtroom.
Inquest juries are made up
of only six people.
There's no voir dire--
they're randomly selected
from the county's jury pool.
I suggest we try
finding out their names.
That's jury tampering.
You want me to
get disbarred?
I wasn't suggesting
that you do it.
My password isn't giving me
access to the juror's office.
-Try Miller's.
-I don't have his.
Wait, I have Bonnie's.
I just changed
all my passwords.
And how stupid are you?
-This case is under
a magnifying glass.
-Oh.
-It's for Nate.
-You mean Annalise.
So she can help Nate.
What's the difference?
You tell her, if she wants
my help, she should
return my calls.
[Michaela] One of
the advantages of an inquest
is that hearsay is allowed.
We can exploit that
and have Miller introduce
uncorroborated evidence.
-What evidence?
-The corrections officers'
bad character.
Their employment record
is squeaky clean.
Right. But what about
their personal lives?
Statistics show that
correction officers
commit
domestic abuse at least
twice the national average.
What he said.
Find something.
Make me a believer.
-This guard is an angel.
-He shot Nate Senior
in the head.
-But he also sings
in his church choir.
-Then hack the other guard.
She probably stabbed
herself in the leg. Who knows
what else she's capable of?
-What's her name?
-Paula Gladden.
[Annalise] Paula Gladden
beats her husband.
He never reported it
to the police,
but he had multiple trips
to the E.R. for beatings
that medical records list
as "domestic disputes."
-How'd you get this?
-Well, if I tell you,
you'd never
be able to use it.
That's exactly
why I can't use it.
Oh, no,
you're gonna use it...
but not before
you get her to testify
that she never
abused her husband.
It'll prove that
she's a violent liar,
and that's more than enough
to convince a jury
that this was a cover-up.
You got this.
The inmate was getting
increasingly agitated,
so I approached
to calm him.
That's when he jammed
the pencil into my leg
and reached for my gun.
He would've
gotten it, too,
if C.O. Wagner
hadn't followed protocol
-and saved my life.
-[door opens]
That must have been
a relief to your husband
-that you made it
home that night.
-It was.
But he knows
what comes with the job.
Does a violent streak
come with the job?
Sorry?
Have you ever been abusive
to your husband?
No. What are you
talking about?
This photo is
what I'm talking about.
[Judge Cruz] Where'd you obtain
this evidence, Mr. Miller?
An anonymous messenger sent
these to my office this morning.
I had nothing to do
with his injuries.
Really? 'Cause
hospital records noted
that the injuries were the
result of a domestic dispute.
A domestic dispute between
my brother and husband.
They were drinking,
-being stupid--
-Then why did the nurse
write that the cuts
on your husband's face
were caused by a ring?
Isn't the real explanation
that they were caused
by the engagement ring
on your finger?
-That's enough, Mr. Miller.
-Your Honor, this speaks
directly
to the credibility
of one of the only people
who claimed that Mr. Lahey
was violent that night.
Only if you have proof
Mrs. Gladden
was responsible
for her husband's injuries.
Otherwise,
this line of questioning
is out of the scope
of this hearing.
Move on.
-We need a new strategy.
-You know I don't work for you.
Put me on the stand.
As his past lawyer,
I could speak to
Nate Senior's state of mind.
The jury will see you
as biased. You were
too intimate with him.
The intimacy is what
makes me an authority.
Look.
You're a great lawyer.
But you don't keep
Michael Jordan on the bench
when the game
is on the line.
Okay, that line might work
with your students,
but I'm the freaking D.A.
Stand down.
-Can we talk?
-I'm late for the governor.
Annalise, I am so sorry
to call you in last-minute.
Paige said
it was important.
I'm just gonna pull
the Band-Aid off here.
Due to the negative press
around Mr. Lahey's death
and reports
that the inquest
is going as poorly
as I'd feared,
we won't be able
to move forward
with the
Fair Defense Project.
-Why?
-Like I said,
now that this inquest is proving
Mr. Lahey was violent--
No, I mean
the real reason.
Annalise,
you have to understand
this is as painful for me
as it is for you.
-Please.
-We are still gonna do
whatever we can
to support you.
I can't wait
to take you down.
[Paige] Okay,
this meeting is over.
Then call
your damn guards!
Just like you called
the prison guards that night.
Ordered them to do
your dirty work.
-Okay, I'm getting security
on the phone right now.
-You sure you want to do that?
Because I can go
on live TV right now
and say that your boss
ordered a kill on my client.
You are deeply mistaken,
Annalise.
And you're basic.
You knew how easy
it would be to paint
the black man as a threat
to that white woman.
It's a story your people
have been telling
since the dawn of time.
Do you understand
how unstable you sound?
But this time,
you used it against me.
Anything to take down the enemy
you knew was smarter than you.
You're not smarter
than me, Annalise.
Otherwise,
you'd know I have this.
We do thorough
background checks
on anyone
coming to work for us.
Like I have
anything else to hide.
That's what I thought,
but then we uncovered
your adoption paperwork.
You just got your reputation
back, Annalise.
Don't make us
destroy it again.
Bring it. You think
I'm scared of this?
You've never gone up against
a governor before, have you?
And you've never been up
against me, either.
-Try it. Pick this fight.
-[door opens]
His name is Nathaniel Lahey,
and I'll take a thousand bullets
to make you pay
for what you did to him!
How'd it go
with the governor?
I'm too tired
to talk about it.
You want soda?
What's wrong?
Ron has a friend who works
at the governor's office.
-[refrigerator door closes]
-She pulled the offer?
[sighs]
You know, for something
that's supposed to be a secret,
everyone in town
seems to know about it.
I'm worried about you.
You're worried
I'm pissed at you.
So you didn't listen
to me about Julie. So what?
I'm over it.
I'm worried
you're drinking again.
[sighs]
You know what? Leave.
-Because you are?
-No.
You're not allowed
to ask me that anymore.
I'll throw
your ass out.
You know what?
How about I just
throw you
off my deck out there?
You think I won't?
Hmm?
I'd tell you if I was
drinking again, Bonnie.
You were good for so long.
You can get there again.
The governor knows
about the adoption.
One more won't hurt.
[cell phone rings]
Hey. What's going on?
Uh, I'm calling Annalise.
Is she there?
She's asleep.
I just put her to bed.
What the hell?
Is she okay?
She's drinking again.
Bonnie?
[cell phone ringing, vibrating]
Hello?
I stayed up all night
trying to think of a way
to ensure we win this.
But I came up
with nothing.
So how about we go
with your idea
-and put you on the stand?
-You sure?
One hundred percent.
Let's win this.
Ms. Keating, during
the medical examiner's
press conference,
she suggested that
your client, Mr. Lahey,
was not taking
his anti-psychotic medication.
Do you find that
suggestion credible?
-Not at all.
-Mm.
But the tests
performed on Mr. Lahey
showed no signs of
these drugs in his system.
Well, I'd like to talk to
the person who ran those tests
to see if they
were encouraged
to say
whatever they needed
in order to make
that story stick.
What story
are you referring to?
That Mr. Lahey
was violent
with the guards that night.
You believe they're trying
to cover up some sort
of misconduct?
No, I don't believe it--
I know it.
Not once did Mr. Lahey act
violently in my presence.
My notes of my visits with him
will prove this.
You can read them yourselves.
[Judge Cruz] Do not address
the jury, Ms. Keating.
This is a man who sat
in the Supreme Court
and listened to the most
powerful judges in the world
call him a monster,
and not once
did he make a sound.
That's how together
he was.
So to believe that he suddenly
picked a fight with guards
on the last night that he knew
he'd ever have to see them,
how does that make sense?
Well, he was a violent criminal
in his past.
Who's to say he couldn't
be violent again?
He was violent only
one time in his life,
and that was during
a severe mental-health episode.
What those guards are hoping
that you believe
is the oldest, most racist
stories in our country.
-I said no addressing the jury.
-Emmett Till,
Scottsboro Boys,
Central Park Five...
-[gavel bangs]
-[Judge Cruz] Ms. Keating!
These false accusations
all started
with the same lie--
that black men are wired
to attack white women.
It's a stereotype sewn so deep
in the fabric of this country
that they just know
that you're gonna ignore
huge plot holes
in their cover-up--
that the surveillance cameras
were broken,
or that an elderly man
could physically overpower
two 30-something guards,
when there's only
one true story here--
that those two people
right there
wanted to punish
my client
for exposing the torture and
abuse happening in our prisons.
-Do not address anyone
in this courtroom.
-So they slaughtered him.
They shot a defenseless man
in the head,
-and here we are--
-[gavel banging]
another black man's body
being paraded in the court
-and me having to
beg for justice...
-Ms. Keating, may I remind you
-that you are a witness here?
-...beg for you to see him
as a human being.
Six people, and you're
the only ones who have
the power to do right.
-So do right!
-[gavel banging]
[Judge Cruz] Ms. Keating!
You are dismissed
from the stand.
The jury will hear
no further testimony from you.
Mr. Miller,
no further questions.
Your witness has disregarded
my warnings for the last time.
She may step down.
Asher. How'd it go?
How do you think?
AK killed it.
I-I like him for you.
Miller. I know...
I'm not supposed
to know, but, uh...
he was this big-mopey-beard-face
when you were out sick,
and, um, it was
kind of adorable.
No one else here
knows, Asher.
Yeah, and I won't
say anything.
I...
I'm happy for you.
I understand the jury
has reached a verdict.
Yes, Your Honor.
In the matter of
Nathaniel Lahey Senior's death,
we, the jury, find
no evidence of criminal acts
or negligence
by anyone involved.
Accordingly, we concur
with the medical examiner's
conclusion
that the homicide
was justifiable
and that no charges
be filed with the matter.
Thank you.
This inquest is closed.
-Jury discharged.
-[gavel bangs]
[audience murmuring]
Hey.
I can leave
if you'd rather be alone.
He deserved
so much better.
I know
that's not enough,
especially with how
you've always protected us
from God knows what,
but if there's
anything I can do--
yell at someone
or organize a protest
or just...
be angry for you--
...please tell me.
Thanks.
I talked to my people
in London.
They were all tight-lipped.
So I called my IT guy,
and he found this.
Our boss's misconduct is a lot
more messy than we thought.
You don't want to know
what changed my mind?
I figured
you just liked me.
If you're right
about the governor--
and something in my gut
tells me you are--
I can't wake up
to any more headlines
about innocent, unarmed
black men getting shot.
And our governor needs
to be the first one
we burn at the stake.
But so you know,
you're gonna
owe me someday.
I'm good for it.
[dance music plays]
Here we go!
Tequila shots, shots!
Did you order them with poison?
Because dying sounds
really nice right now.
You can die after the wedding,
so that Connor's dad
doesn't get mad
that we wasted an invite.
Now, I say
we do another round,
and then
the contest begins.
I'm not letting you
make out with dudes, Oli.
No. Oliver's right.
Is this country a scary,
evil, racist place? Yes.
Are those guards probably home
with their families right now,
not giving a damn
about what they did--
-You're not making
anyone feel better.
-You two are in love.
That's a glorious thing,
so we need to embrace that.
Otherwise, the terrorists win,
and they cannot win.
Hell, no, because we are
going to work for Annalise
-at the governor's office--
-No, you're not.
Okay, that is not the can-do
attitude we need right now.
No, Miller said that
the governor pulled
the plug on the program.
-Didn't AK tell you?
-Now can we die?
No. No!
We have survived so much,
all of us.
So pick up your damn
shot glasses.
-Right now.
-[sighs]
To Nate Senior,
and the hope
that someday
we will live in a world
that isn't always
so terrible all the time.
Ms. Keating,
you can't be here.
-Do you want me to
call security?
-Not yet.
I'm-- I'm a good guy,
Annalise,
but not so good that
there's any chance in hell
I'm hiring you back.
I know about
your misconduct.
So what?
This is blackmail?
-It was going to be.
-Get out of here.
I can fix this for you.
You're not the one to blame
for what happened.
It was her--
a woman you said you loved
who betrayed you,
and I know how that feels,
to trust someone
you love with your life, only to
have them stab you in the back.
Oh, you mean
like you did to me?
I mean my husband.
He played the good boy
for 20 years.
That's how long
I fell for his act.
I promised myself I'd never
get played like that again,
and here comes
the governor.
-I feel like a damn fool.
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know, you always know
the right thing to say,
Annalise.
-It's not a ploy.
-Everything with you is.
I'm desperate, Emmett.
I'll do whatever I can
to fix this for you.
-How?
-I'll figure it out.
But this-- playing the good
little boy for this firm--
oh, I can fight this
for you.
Take me back.
-[dance music plays]
-[Connor] How do you do that?
-Do what?
-Know exactly what I need.
Oh, who doesn't always
need go-go boys and tequila?
[laughs] I meant a night out
without our moms.
-Or in a church.
-Hey, listen.
I will marry you in a church
a million times,
as long as I get
to be with you.
You should write that down.
That would be good for the vows.
[chuckles]
Ugh. Get a room,
faggots.
-Hey, what did you say?
-Hey, just ignore him.
Hey, douchebag. Why don't you
say that to our face?
Or we could just go home
and eat ice cream.
-You didn't hear me
the first time?
-No, no, no, no.
I want you
to say it again.
-Connor, please.
-Come on. I dare you.
I said,
get a room, fa--
-[grunts]
-Oh, my God!
Come on.
Let's go.
-[grunts]
-Oh, my God!
Stop! Stop!
Get off of him!
-[grunts]
-Somebody, help!
Hey! You guys!
[both grunting]
Stop, please! Help!
-Connor, please!
-[grunting]
Please, stop!
Stop, please!
-Help! Connor!
-[groaning]
We said "gays gone wild,"
right?
Yup.
Did I freak you out?
Nope.
Look, just tell your mother
that I...
fell off a scooter
or something.
Hey. [sighs]
It's not your fault
the world's so awful right now.
It's his.
'Cause if we saw him
on the street like that--
being himself and happy--
then we would have smiled
and kept on walking.
He's just lucky my big muscles
were there to stop you
from killing him.
-No making me laugh.
-I'm sorry.
Don't leave me.
I have to go.
Please,
just one more minute.
I've missed our snuggles.
You're gonna be mortified
you said this in the morning.
30 seconds, then.
-Asher.
-10 seconds?
-Fine.
-Yay.
Just count slow.
-Ten, nine...
-Slower.
...seven,
six...
[sighs]
...five...
[knocking on door]
-Hey.
-I just put a very, uh,
drunk Asher to bed,
so, um,
can you check on him
in the morning?
-Sure. Can I get you
a drink or anything?
-Oh, I've had too many.
Well, come in, anyway.
There's something I want
to show you.
Look. We do
look good together.
You know where else
we'd look good together?
On the dance floor.
Why do you want to go
to this wedding so much?
-Everyone likes a good party.
-I don't even know you.
Get to know me
at the wedding.
[laughing] Okay.
What are you doing?
-I'm sorry?
-This.
The smile and...
inviting yourself
to be my date.
[chuckles]
You knocked on my door.
-Are you hitting on me?
-I don't know how
to answer that.
-How about with the truth?
-Truth?
You intimidate me.
You're incredibly smart,
and I know I don't have
to tell you this, but...
you're damn gorgeous, too.
And I know you maybe
have a crush on Tegan.
Th-That's just
what everyone says.
Either way, anyone who doesn't
realize how great you are
is not paying attention.
Thank you
for saying that.
Uh...
[exhales sharply]
Mm. Um, we can't.
Why?
Because I'm...
"fabstinent."
I don't know
what that means.
Oh, God.
It means nothing.
You don't
have to check on me.
I'm not.
I got my job at
Caplan & Gold back tonight.
How?
I begged.
-It's the only way
to keep fighting.
-Stop.
-Governor
can't get away with--
-Enough, Annalise!
It's my fault
he's dead, Nate.
What?
It was the governor's plan
all along.
Agree to pardon him,
get me on her side,
and then
she had him killed.
I know you hate me.
I hate me.
But I'm gonna
keep fighting,
Even when she
comes after me next.
It's the only way
to make it right.
-No.
-Listen.
I know it's her, Nate.
I mean, you're not
fighting this alone.
And we're gonna
make her suffer.
What the hell
did I tell you?
This is exactly what
I said would happen.
Gabriel is playing us,
just like I said,
so you need to tell Annalise
who he is already.
She's not in a place
to hear this right now.
Okay, if you don't tell her,
then I will.
[Bonnie] Tell her what?
[baby crying]
[breathing heavily]
[crying continues]
[breathlessly]
Listen to me real close.
Take his car
and him and drive away.
We can figure out
the rest later.
Just do whatever you need to
to get yourself together--
I know you can.
I'll take care
of everything.
Just trust me.
[breathes sharply]